Translator: Islam Mamdouh Auditor: Riyad Almubarak
Well, I am four years old.
In the early sixties of the twentieth century
And I look at the globe
And I can see clearly
Africa and South America are proportional.
As if they were a two-piece puzzle game,
Or a broken cake
Obviously, they were close
one day
Of course I was not the first to notice it.
Map makers and others
They still notice him for hundreds of years.
But if you had made my observations
On the table of geologists in the early sixties of the twentieth century
They would tell me it was just a coincidence.
Where it was scientifically impossible at the time
That something physical the size of a continent
He can move on the ground
This was crazy at the time
But if we jumped to the end of the sixties
Hardworking scientists on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean
And researchers in the depths of the trench in the middle
They found evidence
And they developed their understanding
On the possibility of moving the material of the continent lighter
On the heavier material beneath it,
The science of rock formation
It is currently the key to our understanding of our world.
So this shows how science is changing
Sometimes during a person's childhood
And another, over decades and years, slowly and remarkably.
And now by jumping to about ten years past
Then I had the internet
Where I can answer any urgent question on me with a quick search
I look at a website with scientific content.
But it is on the sidelines of science.
It raises doubts about some common sciences
Now, I will not tell you now what exactly the site is;
Because it is in the area between science and superstition
Where respected scholars do not go.
But we will discuss that later.
Trust me.
But the question that this site posed to my mind was:
Can the earth rotate?
So that a circular ground pass arises
On the floor below?
Meaning: If I took a rubber band and surrounded the ground,
Can my satellite rotate and remain the whole time above the strip?
This is not an easy thing to explain.
But I'm searching on the Internet,
I can not find any answer.
And I go to my friend who is a genius missile scientist,
And I ask him,
He thinks for a moment and says:
"Sure! It revolves around the equator!"
Yes, this is a correct answer.
If I walk on the equator while the Earth rotates.
It doesn't matter how fast anyone goes
I will remain just above the equator.
But I want to put my rubber band on different angles
I need to do that.
And here he can not answer me,
I can not find a clear answer on the Internet.
How amazing is this?
Well, I will give you an example
It will help you understand why it is a difficult problem
We all know that - we are the inhabitants of the space age -
The International Space Station "NASA Mission Control"
We walk a path over and over again
As if we surrounded a ball with a thread.
The International Space Station orbits the Earth every 90 minutes,
The Earth revolves around itself every 24 hours
This pattern is formed
OK
What do I have to learn to find out?
Well, we have to go a little deeper
No mathematics; I promise you.
But there are three key information you need to know about Earth orbits
That will tell you about the ground lane you make below
The first thing is your height
ISS (International Space Station) orbits approximately 400 km above Earth.
For anthropomorphic, this is like a quarter of an inch.
7 millimeters above the holographic.
The second thing is the inclination of the orbit on the equator.
The International Space Station is tilted 51 degrees,
This means that it covers most of the Earth's surface
The more it revolves around it
The third thing: is the shape of the percept.
Now, the shape can consist of any round shape
Like the ISS (International Space Station).
To a very sharp ellipse
Long and tight
But the important information about the ellipse is that the center of the Earth
It has to be at one of the ellipse's foci
And here is where mathematics becomes deceptive, okay?
Thanks to Johannes Kepler in the early seventeenth century.
We can precisely calculate your speed and position on that ellipse
For any given shape.
OK. Now we have known all of it.
Height, inclination, ellipse shape and speed
My mind is spinning
How can I find an answer?
And if there is no answer
How will I prove it to myself too
To accept the idea that my question is fruitless.
OK
So I called a friend of mine
He is a genius astronaut and mathematician.
He points to
There are a limited number of types of orbits around Earth
So I start to see these types.
Two of them surprised me
Because of their great importance
The first of them is the fixed orbit, right?
Fixed orbit: It is a circular orbit,
And his inclination that appears here
Very far from the ground.
The most important thing is that its height makes it to orbit the Earth.
At the same time as the Earth’s rotation.
This means that you will be all the time above the same area on Earth
This makes it easy
On a satellite TV broadcast
So that it comes to your home and indicates it in a whiff in the sky
Because the satellite is always there.
Even at night when the moon and stars move regularly
The satellite is right there
But now the strange thing is
The satellite has a ground pass and is not a rubber belt at all.
It is one point.
So in a way, this is the opposite of what I'm looking for; True?
The second orbit, which looked very interesting, is called "Molina".
Molania is a Russian word meaning lightning.
The Soviet Union launched it in the early space age.
The orbit of Moulinia is heavily inclined
And very elongated
And temporary
So it spins around the Earth completely in half a day.
This is what gives it a wonderful U shape.
U-shape
That revolves around the Earth.
The Molina satellite is roaming high above one side of the world
To move North America
He may take pictures or listen to the radio.
Then he spins around the earth
And back out,
It spins again
But half a day has passed
So it is now above the other side of the planet,
He can carry what he has learned on the other side.
So these two orbits inspired me.
What if you are in orbit
It took exactly two days to orbit the Earth
Clear? So I will start from a random point above the ground.
A day later I will be on the other side.
And after a day, the Earth will have completed a full cycle
So I would also be on a side of the ground opposite the side from which I started
After another day, I will return to where I started to orbit.
The earth would have revolved again; Here I am back above the same point
This sounds promising, doesn't it?
He dominated this research.
I'm on the phone with my friend the astronomer and mathematician,
As if to say something like:
"Well, a crazy question. Good luck with his answer!"
"I will tell you something, there is a great website called 'STK'
You have to check it out
Because it will show you any orbit you want.
Well .. I go to STK and do my basic calculations.
I put my numbers and press the button
And here he is before my eyes.
Single lane ... Earth circular orbit.
It fascinated me that he was already there.
Now I am thinking:
"It is impossible for me to be the first to notice this.
I am not a rocket scientist. "
So I call another friend
He works as a designer for Earth orbits in large space companies
He seems a little skeptical,
But it runs its own STK version.
He calls my numbers and enters them.
A hoop! He finds the same results!
And he says, "You know? I've never seen that before."
You should write that.
Share it in a space magazine.
well, that is good.
Well, then it's a new thing. True?
And new things must be called
So I think about the most important characteristic of it
It is over two days.
So I would call it "two-day course"
Or "2do" as a shortcut.
To match the rest of the three-letter abbreviations
That space scientists love to use.
(Laughter)
Now that I've got a name for it, I want to go back to my original question.
But for a mind like my mind, or maybe your kindness,
Thinking: "What about the three-day course?"
Or throughout the four days? What will the ground lanes look like?
Yes, they all exist. It's exciting that I had to research.
So I go back to my original research.
I tilt the orbit slightly
31 degrees above a certain point on the Earth's surface.
I find that it has a set of interesting and distinctive characteristics.
1- The orbit remains outside of Van Allen's belts.
The radiation belts outside here around the Earth.
If you are an astronaut, You do not want to roam there.
You can fly through it
If you were an electronics scientist, You wouldn't want to be there either
But this orbit is far from all that.
The second feature:
It is also far from Earth's magnetic field.
So the magnetic field is inside you.
Third property:
It is always in the sun!
It is an orbit that never cuts the Earth’s shadow, but orbits away from it.
Even during the northern sunset
The maximum inclination of the northern part of the globe.
So what do we do with an orbit like this?
Well since we are always in the sun.
How about creating a very powerful satellite.
Where we can collect solar energy.
And we broadcast it to a group of locations on the ground to provide them with energy.
We charge them every two days while we repeat the cycle.
Or maybe we put a whole bunch of mirrors dancing around.
We can then light it up
Dark places need more lighting.
And there may be other uses.
OK
But what about that site from which it all began?
That shallow site
Who does not risk visiting esteemed scholars?
Well, it was like this:
Note a researcher named Jim Allison
That a large number of archaeological sites in the world
Some of the oldest and most obscure installations
All line up on one circle around the Earth.
On a straight line.
When you place a two-day orbit just above this line
It will not be completely round,
It's a bit like a potato chip
But it is also close to the shape of the line.
Let's travel on a two-day satellite
We tour all those archeological sites.
We start from the most famous stone site
The Great Pyramids
With its mysterious rooms and secret tunnels, and of course the Sphinx
Soon after, we pass over the Sahara
We cross over the Atlantic Ocean,
We cross over the Amazon basin,
And we reach for Machu Picchu
With its mysterious stone structures and the city of Ollantaytambo
And all other archaeological sites around Cuzco
Then we fly over the Nazca Lines
With her mysterious drawings engraved on the land of the desert
Of course we are at an altitude of 60,000 km,
So if we want to see these shapes
We must have a good telescope.
We move forward across the Pacific Ocean
With a distance of 4000 km from its inception we will be over the island of Easter
With her huge heads and Moai statues.
In fact, they are whole statues buried on the ground
We continue to fly over the Pacific Ocean.
So we go back to the equator.
We fly over Cambodia
And Priya Vaihere temples and Angkor Wat monuments.
We continue to fly over Asia from India to Pakistan
To Mohenjo Daro - the hill of the dead.
One of the oldest places of Western civilization,
With texts that have not been deciphered yet.
Because it is old and very far from us.
We continue to fly over the Middle East,
And the city of Persepolis Percy and the huge buildings in Ur - Iraq -
Then we continue to fly over the city of Petra.
With its impressive stone structures carved into the walls.
Then we return to the Great Pyramids.
From where we started.
So it is clear that not all archaeological sites are on the circle.
Stonehenge, the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem,
And all kinds of sites in China, Africa and Asia
And Central America
But the sites are on the circuit
It shares many things.
First:
It has some of the largest human-made stone work.
The huge molds that we cannot logically move today.
Second:
The shape of the stone work is finely cut.
They fit together, so there is no room between them for a hair.
Then look at the Easter Island in the Pacific Ocean.
Large Moai statues attract attention
There are hundreds of them.
But there are also walls,
Walls appear to be one of the oldest structures
Man-made on the island of the Resurrection.
The walls were built of basalt - a very hard stone -
The structural shape of the walls is similar in Machu Picchu.
4,000 km into the Pacific Ocean,
It is also built of basalt.
Then there are those prominent knobs and mysterious holes
Many of them are in the pyramids and other Egyptian sites.
Many of them are found throughout South America.
Why did you make these handles? How was it made?
And why did they put that effort into it?
we do not know
The holes look like mashed potatoes
One of them came with two rulers and punctured him
we do not know
There are delicate stone works
These are completely smooth surfaces!
As if it took a mechanic's workshop
It was polished with diamonds.
We cannot know how this was done
With bronze or iron equipment.
Well, you want to know what's the weirdest?
There are cultures around the world that mention "flying man" and fishman "
Such as Asia and South America.
And they have something else: a handbag
Bag of the Gods
(Laughter)
Why? How do? Throughout the world.
The bag of deities was also found in India and Indonesia.
And recently in Göbkli Tiba in Turkey,
Which has been buried for at least 10,000 years
This means that the handbag was present at least at this time
It is not something that humans invented recently.
I am not here to prove the presence of old astronauts or aliens
To me this does not answer anything.
But it only hides it behind myths.
But I want to know the truth
Where did all this come from?
Who created it?
I do not want any distant answers
Of the ancients who did all of that.
But I want to know more about them.
I want to know how they made it and when they made it?
And I want to confess to them brilliantly
So what do we do?
Well, we come out with our science toolkit
First thing: What is our theory?
Scientists who looked at it
Ask our traditional story about ancient human history.
Where you start from a long era of hunters
To stability and dependence on agriculture,
And most recently, living in independent cities
Scientists thought
- There is strong evidence for this -
That, 13,000 years ago, there was a more sophisticated human civilization
It is difficult for us to know how it developed
But we know that they were able to build with stones what we cannot now.
Then what happened?
Suddenly a disaster occurred
A terrible thing happened
The ocean rose, the heat decreased, and the inhabitants wiped out.
The cities deserted
And over time
Civil recovered
And we entered into a style similar to the era of fishermen
Then we entered the pattern of agriculture and independent cities.
So it's a story. True?
Is it a good story? Maybe yes and maybe no.
But what does science tell us?
Well, first:
We have information that ocean surfaces were less than 100 meters 15,000 years ago
100 meters means 330 feet
This means that the coasts and ancient islands
It is now completely submerged.
Second: Greenland ice block samples and the mid-Atlantic sediments
Reveal a sudden drop in temperature
It lasted about a thousand years
around the world
Third: Male DNA analysis included evidence
On a sudden decline in male DNA types around the world
I repeat about 13,000 years ago.
He was not here or there, but was in the whole world.
Many men have not inherited their DNA for the following generations.
Say that
Then we started to recover again
So, what happened and all this happened?
We have evidence that something hit North America
- guilty or a meteorite -
And leaving distinct molecules during the hemisphere
The cause of burning a lot of things
Where it was noticeable the presence of soot and ash particles
She is there too.
We have seen half a million impact nozzles.
Starting from New Jersey to Alabama
As if an impulsive cosmic shot hit our planet
So we have a lot of hard work ahead
We need more
We need more information and more evidence
We need to think of science fictional ideas
And set it to become a scientific fact
We need to remember what we did when we invented the plane
We are now flying better than any bird.
Or the submarine
We can dive better than any fish.
Or now, the missiles that fly in space and return to land
It is reused.
Which no animal can do!
Check out this map.
Pale blue shows the rocks of the continent
Most of that area was land 15,000 years ago.
What could be there?
We need to make some drones
Enjoy some technology
Which we will send to dive under the ocean
In search of archaeological sites, roads, and monuments deep in the sea.
Which we ignored for thousands of years.
Or what about those big rocks
Which has been lying side by side for an unknown time
Is there a technology that we can develop?
Can we tell her age over there?
Are you penetrated by cosmic rays?
To create tags that we can read
And her account to tell us exactly about her age?
What about surfaces?
When we create a surface on a stone, what changes?
Does a stone pierce something in the air?
Will something come out of the stone over time?
A specific percentage that we can calculate
And discover the timing of all these wonderful artifacts
Or a group of large stones in Egypt.
A million stones piled up
What influence the ground beneath them?
Do they prevent anything from the sun?
Can we compare the buried part of the pyramids?
And between the part that is still visible all this time.
Because the Egyptian murals do not tell us when the pyramids were built
We have to find out for ourselves!
Sometimes I feel like I'm still that four-year-old.
Look at the ground.
Trying to figure out how their parts fit together.
One of my heroes: Carl Siegen
It reminds us that supernatural allegations require supernatural evidence.
And I'd love to add to that
Supernatural evidence requires supernatural research.
and I'm sure
If we use our knowledge and unique human mental potential
And we worked hard
We spent the money to get answers
We will know a lot about what we are
Where did we come from.
And where can we go?
And I think we can build the best possible future
If we know what happened in our past.
So let's do it!
Thank you.
(clap)